{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;\red11\green12\blue12;\red220\green224\blue226;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;\cssrgb\c4706\c5098\c5490;\cssrgb\c89020\c90196\c90980;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20980\viewh14480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
TO DO BEFORE SUBMISSION TO CRAN\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
1. Add extensive error warning\
2. Double check and test all code. \
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
ONGOING AND RESOLVED QUESTIONS\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\uc0\u8232 \
1. What is the Newton Rhaphson algorithm (nr.R) used for?\
\'97Right now, I use it in the compare estimators testing script. One day, I might use it in the final estimates to get info without prior info.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
2. Why do I have separate single vs. multiple chain MCMH?\
\'97mcmh_mc uses mcmh_sc as the objective function. I.e., the _mc script is just a wrapper to fit multiple chains.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
3. Why use y = y in functions instead of y = NULL?\
\'97Y is defined by the highest level function. So in lower-level functions, y is already defined by the user.\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
4. How much MCHM sampling is needed in the RMMH estimation?\
\'97An open question is how much time/effort to invest in the MCMH stages. Estimation is slowed down significantly if we have a lot of MCMH iterations. In the script used for canbt paper (see rmmhEstimationSim.R), I have 1 MCMH sample being taken. In the example in the rmmh.R file, I do something similar. I believe that at some point I found a reference to support the idea that RMMH does not need long MCMH chains. Would be nice to find this. But in general, it truly seems that a lot of MCMH steps are necessary. I might not want only 1, but maybe 10 or so.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
5. Why are the parameter estimates for omega 1 shrinking?\
\'97There seems to be a phenomenon whereby more extreme values of the first omega parameter shrink to a less extreme value. Namely, the d prime intercept tends to be biassed towards 0. Other parameters don\'92t show this same effect. I assume this is because high dprime values produce near ceiling accuracy results. This doesn\'92t seem to be improved by increasing the number of items. I think I found this with my old simulations as well. This might be related to estimating zeta and nu. I\'92m guessing the values shrink from the extreme high end due to uncertainty in the other parameters.\'a0
\f1\b YEP
\f0\b0 . This is exactly, true, if you run the rmmh script example but set est_nu = Fand est_zeta = F, the estimates are no longer biased.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
6. Why doesn't adding item items seem to improve estimates?\
\'97If you run the compare estimators testing script, and specifically the first example, it seems that adding items does not improve estimates. But, exploring this, I found that in the 2 parameter example, if I set mean and variance of 0 and 1, adding items does help. This makes me think that it is something again about the near ceiling accuracy and the dprime intercept. Additionally, I think if you set est_nu = Fand est_zeta = F, adding items makes things work better. Still not 100% sure about this one.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
7. Why aren't the MCMH, RMMH, and NR estimates always consistent?\
\'97Note that MCMH, RMMH, and NR estimates are much more consistent when you don\'92t estimate nu and zeta in the compare estimators script (they are also a lot quicker to obtain).\'a0\
\
8. Why do the results of adaptive testing vary so much?\
\'97It matters a LOT how I set up the CAT. In the,  cat_cog_sim_compare script, having a few iterations (e.g., 5) with longer lists (e..g, 20) works better than shorter lists (e.g., 5) and more iterations (e.g., 10).  NOTE: This could all be wrong. I had a bug in my simulation script. Rechck these points. \
\
9. In the simulation, I was not using good prior values. Remember that I am using polynomial contrasts. The 0 point is at 3 back. So I need to have dprime and Center at 3back.\
\
10. Right now J must be equal to or larger than N. I.e., Number of conditions must be equal or larger than number of contrasts (should include intercept). While this is technically true for a regression model, it is not necessary here. But perhaps is a good idea none the less. \
\
11. Solved 10, now I just need to figure how to pas the path to the ururent data to the R script. I used went to the psychopy data tab and found most of the information I need. The final bit is the absolute path. It\'92s a \'91u\'92 in psychopath. I need to figure out how to define and pass this to R. \
\
12. WORKING as of Jan 24, 2022. Needs to be refined. \
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
WORKFLOW TIPS\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\uc0\u8232 \
Anytime I start editing the package, I have to run:\
File >> Open Project\
library(devtools)\
load_all()\
\
If you ONLY want to load exported functions, use \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 load_all(...,export_all=F)
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
When I want to update the package as I\'92m working on it, run:\
document()\
load_all()\
\
The lintr package is good for checking whether my syntax is formatted properly. You can run the entire package at once, or a single file using\
lintr::lint(filename = "./R/dich_response_model.R")\
You can get hints on how to fix using\'a0\
styler::style_text("ll <- sum(log((p^y) * (1 - p)^(1 - y)))")\
\
Whenever I update the simulated data, I need to save it to the package data directory using\
usethis::use_data(sdirtMS, overwrite = T)\
usethis::use_data(sdirtSS, overwrite = T)\
\
You can create an R manual using \
devtools::build_manual()\
However, it\'92s not clear that this is necessary. This may have once the package goes to CRAN. Also, note that vignettes and the manual are not the same thing. \
\
To check the package use\
check()\
Which is the same as R CMD check\
There need to be no errors or warnings.\
I think there is an issue with running examples that use multiple cores. That\'92s not allowed for upload. See below for more info. \
To just run examples, which takes for ever, use \
devtools::run_examples()\
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
NOTES About Interacting with PsychoPy\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
1. How will I get PsychoPy and R to interact?\
\'97As of now, the best option seems to be as follows:\
1. When I create a task (e.g., Nback) I create an rda file that contains everyone but Y. Specifically, the Ys should all be NA. \
2. In psychopy, I must keep a running count of which items in the rda data frame have responses.\
3. From PsychoPy, in the \'91adapt\'92 Routine, I use subprocess to run Rscript terminal command that runs the a separate R script that interfaces with CogIRT;\
4. The R script returns the \'93next_list\'94 that the psychopy task needs for adaptive testing.\
5. The last tough bit is about how to pass all of the arguments from Python to R script. Still working on this\'85.\
\
\
If using rpy2, I have to load the CogIRT package. This only works if I have installed the package from GitHub using. \
library(devtools)\
install_github("mlthom/CogIRT")\
\
\
!!!!! See test.R script on desktop it seems this is the most relevant point. Not max.R, which was being used before, but the test.R script is more advanced. \uc0\u8232 \
++4. How will I get PsychoPy and R to interact.\
++\'97There is a python package called pyreadr that reads and writes .rda files. I.e., R data frames. I could use Psythpy Py to create the .rda file, and ++then feed this to R in a command-line script to do the adaptive testing.\'a0\
\
5. #4 now perhaps absolute. The adapt.py script int the __testing_and_notes__ folder is now working (1/30/2022). One weird think that came up is that for some reason, when psychopy runs the rscript (but not otherwise) the dat "list" varible is named "X...list". Maybe becuae list conflicts with an internal variable. I don't know. eventually, cosnider all instances of list to "taks_list", which might resolve the issuel\
\
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
How to Commit on GIT\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
GIT updates are staged periodically. They then need to be pushed to GIT using the description on https://r-pkgs.org/git.html\
\
This is how you update the personal access token (PAT) for GIT\
https://gist.github.com/Z3tt/3dab3535007acf108391649766409421\
\
\uc0\u8232 +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
NOTES FOR NEXT COMMIT\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\uc0\u8232 \
(How to use git from RStudio: https://cfss.uchicago.edu/setup/git-with-rstudio/)\
(https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/writing-good-commit-messages-a-practical-guide/)\
(https://www.theserverside.com/video/Follow-these-git-commit-message-guidelines)\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\'93\'94\'94\
CRAN related changes\
\uc0\u8232 - In mcmh_mc.R change parallel::mclapply mc.scores argument from \'91parallel::detectCores()\'92 to \'912\'92\
  because the CRAN repository policy indicates that running a package should never use more than \
  2 threads in order to preserve CRAN computing resources.\
\
- Change \'92T)\'92 to \'92TRUE)\'92 throughout project\
\
\'93\'94\'94\
\
1. Fix post_info computation in dich_response_deriv which was incorrect. \
2. Fix rmmh so that info1 returns unique values for multiple subject estimation\
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
PLEASE SOMEONE DO THIS STUDY\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
When need a system study of if and how the following impact the efficacy of adaptive testing:\
1. Number of omega parameters;\
2. Prior variance of omega parameters;\
3. Accuracy of mean and variance priors for omega;\
3. Number of items per cdontion;\
etc. \
etc.\uc0\u8232 \
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
SUMMER 2022 GOALS\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
1. Simple sdirt function\
2. Simple accuracy function (unidimensional accuracy)\
3. Summary methods\
4. Plot methods\
\
\
\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Test speed of package\
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
library(profvis)\
profvis(sdirt(y = sdirtSS$y, key = key))\
}